So now, let's refactor our list contacts component from a component
extending the component property on the react object to a stateless functional component.
So, first what we'll do is let's create a function here.
We will call it the same name as our old component, ListContacts.
And just as with the other component,
we are going to return some UI.
Let's go and copy all of this which again is just coming from the render method.
Now, we can paste that into our return statement here,
and we will fix the indention real quick.
Then now instead of accessing everything
from this keyword as you see over here inside the error message,
we want to grab everything coming from
the props object that is being passed to our ListContacts component.
So, as I mentioned, instead of the stop props,
we can access our contacts by doing props dot contacts.
In the past, I've mentioned that you can use the same intuitions for
creating React components as you do normal JavaScript functions.
Well, now that statement is pretty literal because you can have
actual JavaScript functions return you some JSX.
And now that we are using a stateless functional component,
we no longer need to import component up here,
so we can delete this section as well.